in Jerusalem Israeli security forces
have shot dead a 12-year-old Palestinian
boy whom they accused of being a
terrorist Ramy Hal Huli was one of six
Palestinians shot dead by forces in
occupied East Jerusalem and the West
Bank yesterday the shooting happened at
the shua fat refugee camp here in
occupied East Jerusalem which is home to
about 16,000 people the boy was playing
with a firework with friends in front of
the family home Israel's national
security minister hailed the officer who
shot him as a hero and a Warrior from
East Jerusalem here's our senior
International correspondent oliran and a
warning that her report contains scenes
that some may find
distressing how was another Palestinian
child shot dead Ramy al-h Hali lived and
died in the shadow of Israeli
watchtowers his home was here in East
Jerusalem sealed off by walls and fences
and Israel's
occupation his family say he Lov school
and wanted to be a
pilot last night Ramy was playing with
friends holding a
firework a shot rings
out Ramy is dead on the ground with a
bullet to the
heart his father moose was there in
seconds struggling to hold back his
mother today Musa is mourning his
youngest
child he used to help everyone he tells
me all the
neighbors then grief overwhelms
him
this is the street where his son
died standing here it's hard to imagine
how Ramy a 12-year-old boy with a
firework in his hand could have been any
kind of threat to the Border Police who
were down the road beyond that high wall
with the fence at the top heavily armed
and well
protected fires was ry's friend and by
his side when he was killed were you
afraid they might shoot you
too I was afraid I would be shot or
killed or badly injured he says and if I
was shot they would take me and torture
me Israel's far right security minister
itamar benir was backing his men
today I love you guys he says but he was
avoiding our
questions why did you congratulate the
police officer Minister for shooting the
child what evidence is there that the
child was causing anybody any harm do
you have any
evidence Minister Witnesses say the
child was just setting off a firework in
the
air you say he's a 12-year-old I say
he's a 12-year-old terrorist a
12-year-old who endangered one of our
officers the officer should be commended
not
investigated I will take steps to get
him an
award back at the scene Mustafa tells me
he witnessed The Killing from his
window he wasn't holding an M16 or a
bomb or an RPG he
says he was is a child
playing how come a sniper shot him was
it just because he's
Palestinian and what future for the Next
Generation growing up under Israel's
watchtowers or gear in BBC News East
Jerusalem